
# Immutability classes(records in java)
`ref: https://medium.com/@houssemmedine.drissi/class-vs-record-difference-between-class-and-record-in-java-75d7ea6da145`

* to make your class immutable in a traditional way by the following

- private, final field for each piece of data

- getter for each field

- public constructor with a corresponding argument for each field

- equals method that returns true for objects of the same class when all fields match

- hashCode method that returns the same value when all fields match

- toString method that includes the name of the class and the name of each field and its corresponding value


* That way is tedious.

* A better approach would be to explicitly declare that our class is a data class.


* records are immutable classes.

* classes are mutable so two classes from the same type are not the same,
while the difference in records 

* the main purpose of storing data, while a class defines responsibility

* We define records using the record keyword instead of the class keyword.

* Records should not have any state changes after instantiation, while classes change properties.

* We create new records from existing ones when we want to change state. With classes, we modify the existing ones.

* The equals, hashCode, and toString methods, as well as the private, final fields and public constructor, are generated by the Java compiler.

- To create a Citizen record, we’ll use the record keyword:

```java
public record Citizen (String name, String country) {}
```

* **equals:** Additionally, an equals method is generated for us.

* **hashCode:** Similar to our equals method, 
a corresponding hashCode method is also generated for us.

* **toString:** Lastly, we also receive a toString method that results in a string containing the name of the record, 
followed by the name of each field and its corresponding value in square brackets.